hi guys and welcome back to my channel a
few times on my channel I have been
asked what outfits to wear with glasses
so that you don't look nerdy and that's
not to say that glasses are nerdy
glasses have actually become kind of an
accessory in fashion lately but
sometimes you'd actually be surprised at
how tough it can sometimes be to find an
outfit that goes with your glasses so in
this video I'm going to show you three
different ways to style an outfit while
you're wearing glasses so that you still
look chic make sure to stay into the end
of this video because I do have a
special offer for my glasses wearing
ladies so make sure to stick around to
the end the video for that so my first
style outfit I am calling it the luxe
chic look it's actually featuring the
sweater that I'm wearing right now
I chose this sweater for the look for
its luxurious and details like the
ribbon statement necklace on top and a
lace trim detailing on the bottom I
paired it off with my favorite skinny
jeans and taupe booties along with this
metallic blue bag but I obviously chose
to add some color into the look all
while still maintaining its luxurious
feel obviously if you're rocking this
kind of classy kind of Blair Waldorf
meets her first pair of jeans look it
really brings the attention away from
the glasses my second outfit I am
calling a sweet and trendy and it's
actually featuring a blouse now a blouse
when paired with glasses can be tricky
at times when wearing a blouse and
glasses together you don't want to pair
something too tight and form-fitting
with it because you could kind of run
the risk of looking like you're going to
a Halloween party dressed up as the sexy
librarian or sexy secretary so you might
want to steer away from that or maybe
not no judgement here but also you don't
want to look too stuffy with pants
either so one way is to first start out
with a printed blouse something that's
on-trend for that season whether it's
leopard print or little hearts like the
one
wearing and also another way is to a
parrot with a full skirt by pairing the
blouse with a full skirt it gives it a
much more sweet girly feel and this look
is perfect for a day time whether you're
going to brunch or to work and my third
look is what I'm calling the model
off-duty look I was inspired by the
model off-duty outfit so I styled this
outfit to give a very cool laid-back
kind of effortless vibe but all while
still being very chic and on-trend so I
chose this typography tee that says rad
then through my faux leather trim
boyfriend blazer to add more style and
warmth to the look because it is winter
right now where I am and then of course
the marine pant is for a statement color
and because my style is more rock
elements meets girly girl I had to add a
few feminine touches like my heart
earrings my statement a flower ring and
this headband that covers a bad hair day
very well okay so the glasses that I'm
wearing is actually from a company that
reached out to me called classic specs
they are quite an amazing company that I
highly recommend you check out and I'm
going to tell you the reasons why but
first I just wanted to say that I only
review things that I am absolutely in
love with so I will never talk about a
product or a brand or a company unless I
actually truly truly like it so that's
how you know that what I'm going to talk
about is actually a good company so
classic specs is an online frame lens
and son website makes high quality
designer type style glasses that you can
get as a prescription or as a non
prescription for style reasons like I
mentioned before I have these because I
actually have a light sensitivity and I
do need glasses for driving at night so
although these aren't prescription they
have a coating over it which is for
light reflection but classic specs has
some of the cutest frames that I have
seen for online sunglass vendors
and they only cost $89 so the $89
actually covers the frames the lens and
the shipping so in comparison to what
you actually pay for prescription
glasses that's not too bad they also
have a virtual Tryon which is obviously
helpful and they have an option to
choose up to six pairs of glasses for an
at-home trying so they send you the
glasses for free they don't charge you
yet they send you the glasses for free
to try on and you're not charged until
you send the other glasses back and
lastly another reason why I really do
like this company is because they
actually donate 6% of each sale to a
charity the charity is called new eyes
and they're just an organization that
actually gives good quality glasses to
people who are struggling financially
who can't afford glasses for their kids
or the elderly who can't afford their
glasses either and I think that's a very
sweet sweet gesture on classic specs
part to actually donate 6% so onto the
glasses that I actually have to show you
so obviously I have the ones I'm wearing
right now but I'm going to show you the
packaging to so classic specs let me go
on their site and pick out two pairs of
sunglasses
I mean glasses I didn't get sunglasses
but you can't get sunglasses um the ones
that I chose are the Dover which I'm
wearing right now and the Warwick which
I'm going to show you in a second here's
what it comes in it comes in this little
box here and this just opens right up
and then you actually have your glasses
case right here so here's what it looks
like and the glasses case actually has a
magnetic and closure here so you just
flip it open and that is what the inside
looks like so the inside is all lined in
velvet so that's to protect the glasses
and then I'll show you them in a second
it also comes with a traveling pouch
which can actually double over as
something to wipe down your lens with -
so this is what the traveling pouch
looks like I like that it's silver I
love silver and then these are
the Warwick's just to show you guys and
I'll put them on for you too so there's
what the work ones look like I think I'm
gonna keep these ones in my car because
like I said I have trouble with night
vision and then this is the Dover one so
I'll show you guys the features on this
it has the two little silver specks
there and in the front they're kind of
reminiscent of the Wayfarer in a way and
they kind of go up a little on the side
too which is why I like them so I like
these ones a lot I'm gonna put them back
on so yeah I really really like them
they have I've been wearing them for
like a week straight and they have
really stood strong and I could tell us
soon like as soon as you open them and
you like feel them you can tell they're
good quality too so I just really like
them and now classic specs agreed to
give me a $10 off coupon for you guys so
I will leave that coupon code right here
and in the downbar make sure to use it
once you go to the site the site I also
linked down below too so go to this site
check it out either buy them for style
reasons either buy them for night vision
problems like me or if you have a
prescription - thank you so much for
watching guys and make sure to leave me
a comment down below which outfit you
like and let me know if you're gonna
check out their site - and what you guys
thought of it so make sure to give this
video a thumbs up if you liked it guys
and also subscribe if you haven't
already for new fashion videos every
single week and I'll see you all in my
next video I hope you have an amazing
rest of your day and I love you buh bye
you